# Ex20: What Do You Know So Far?

Word & Symbol | Name | Usage
:-------------|------|:-----
print | print command | Print the content (the string representation to be exact) on the screen.
# | comment | Comment everything behind such a symbol in the same line.
+, -, *, /, //, **, % | add, minus, multiply, division, integer division, power, modulo | Execute relevant calculation.
>, >=, ==, <, <= | greater than, greater than or equal to, equal to, less than, less than or equal to | Execute relevant comparison.
= | assignment | Assign the value of the right-hand expression to the variable on the left-hand side.
True, False | boolean values | As the name means.
%d | integer formatter | Appear in a string to do the formatting and take the value to the place.
%f | float formatter | Appear in a string to do the formatting and take the value to the place.
%s | string formatter | Appear in a string to do the formatting and take the value to the place.
%r | raw formatter | Appear in a string to do the formatting and take the value to the place.
+ | plus sign | When used between two numbers, do the math; when used between two strings, catcanate them.
* | multiply sign | When used between two numbers, do the math; when used behind a string and in front of a number, repeat the string for a specified number times.
', " | single and double quote | Represent a string.
''', """ | triple quotes | Represent a long string.
\n | newline | Escape sequence, as the name means.
\t | tab | Escape sequence, as the name means.
\r | carriage return | Escape sequence, as the name means.
\\\\ | single slash | Escape sequence, as the name means.
raw_input | function to ask input | Ask the user for input at the terminal.
import | import command | Import new features/modules into Python.
open | open file | Open a file with a mode(read is default).
write | write content to a file | Write content to a file.
close | close file | As the name means. 
read | read a file | Read the whole file or with a specified amount of data.
readline | read a line of the file | As the name means.
def | function definition | The symbol of defining a function.
return | return something from a function | As the name means.
